You see, it's like everywhere.
It depends on where you are coming from, what is your aim, what is, what, what you are.
When I came in here in Nigeria, my, my, my, my target was to spend two years here,
not more than two years and go back.
But along the line, I, I got used to it and I saw that, okay, there are some other things that I can, you know,
to, to better my own, let's say, experience, professional experience.
And even I also attended the Lagos Business School, you know, where I did the master's there too.
And I noticed that there's, as I said, Nigeria is like a laboratory to me, for me, the way I see it.
And from the experience I've seen in 2005 and today about Lagos, I can tell you, change, change is possible.
When you set the right people in place to do the things, you know what I'm saying?
Whether in business or in politics, they are, here is a ground of opportunity.
You can do, you can grow your business.
If, if it works, you don't need a, a godfather to do business.
If you're good at what you're doing, it works.
So whatever you're doing, whichever area you are in business, when you do it well, you concentrate and you, you upgrade your skills,
you make your business ready to work because the market is there, the market is there.
So what's really to, I don't know if there's something specifically, but as a, as an African, because when you look at it,
Nigeria is part of a cause, and a cause is walking towards making a global, a kind of regional market, okay?
So whatever you have in your country that you can, you can sell to Nigeria or you can come to Nigeria, do it and sell back to your country.
Or like what I do, fixing, I help people, business people from, from some countries in Nigeria, those who want to, you know, transact, you know,
I help them, those who are looking for, they come here, they look for.
We have some of young Bukinabe guys at Lagos Island market.
They help the traders or market, market people to buy things and they put it on all those trucks and they send it and everything.
So, but they, some of them, some of them are organized there.
They do well, very well, but some are not very organized and they need that.
They need to really get organized to measure to what they are doing on the right side of Nigeria.
